WIP: merge Scala3doc (#10081)
lampepfl/dotty: scala3doc/README.md

# Scala3doc

Scala3doc (name subject to change) is the documentation tool for
[Dotty](https://github.com/lampepfl/dotty), which is scheduled to become
Scala 3. It's based on [Dokka](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka), the

> documentation tool for Kotlin. It uses Tasty-Reflect to access definitions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation tool for Kotlin. It uses the TastyInspector to access definitions,
```
